---
layout: post
img: theisen.png
excerpt: Let me introduce myself.
---

Hi! My name is Theisen <span style="color: #8a8a8a; padding: 0 3px;">| TY·sen |</span> Sanders. I am a senior in Computer Science at Iowa State University, and will be graduating in Dec. `13.

Although newer to the software development world, I have immersed myself in the field while demonstrating a dedication and ability to learn. In the past two years, I have become accomplished in a number of programming languages while also developing a wide array of knowledge for broader interfaces. My learning and experience centers around classes at Iowa State University and work at WebFilings over the past two years.

It is hard to believe that just 2 years at ISU has brought me from "Intro to Objected-Oriented Programming" to coursework in Artificial Intelligence. I have also taken many database systems, project management, computer theory, and programming classes on my adventure at Iowa State.

While attending ISU, I joined the WebFilings company in its early stages. WebFilings is now leading the market in business and financial reporting. It has been amazing to see the growth of the company, while also developing along with them. When I started, I had a half-semester of programming experience, so I joined the Quality Assurance team to help with manual regression testing. Quickly, I applied the material I was learning both on my own and in my classes and moved to a QA development position. There, I worked on a team that created an automated test builder to eliminate the need for manual regression testing without requiring test-creators to have programming knowledge. Soon after that I had gained enough experience to move into a developer role where I experienced the full pressure of customer-facing changes and a fast-paced agile environment.

During my experiences I have crossed paths with the following tools:

| Languages     | Frameworks/Tools  |
| ------------- | ----------------- |
| Python        | Git               |
| Java          | Flask             |
| C/C++         | Django            |
| Javascript    | JQuery            |
| SQL           | AngularJS         |
| HTML          | Selenium          |
| Scheme        |                   |
| CSS/LESS/SASS |                   |    

I love being in the most innovative and dynamic industry out there. Having to learn new things so frequently is what brought me to this field, and my desire and ability to learn is why I have grown so quickly and yet still have a long way to go.

